- So we're heading to a--
heading to a fight in progress,
several people at a bar.
They're reporting
that it is physical.
It's not an argument.
So we will see what
happens here on this one.
[music playing]
What's going on?
- They all started a big
old brawl in the bar.
- OK, was you involved?
- I was not.
I was trying to break it up.
- How did your shirt
get all tore up?
- Because I was
trying to break it up.
- What happened?
- All I know is another
girl charged her.
- OK.
- OK?
- And I was trying
to break them all up.
- OK.
- I was trying to
look for my glasses.
- Where's the other girl
that got in a fight with her.
- She's gone.
- Oh, she's gone?
- OK.
- She's over 65 years old.
And if any one of those women
hit my mom, I'm sorry sir,
but I would have
socked that woman.
I don't care.
- And I was--
- I don't care.
- --holding everybody back.
- He hit my mother-in-law.
- And if you were in this
situation, 60, 65-year-old--
- She was at our table.
- 65 year old woman, your
mama, what would you have done?
What would you have done?
- The other girl charged her.
- I can only listen to
one at a time, though.
- The other girl charged her,
and everything was a bust.
- So how did she
get a black eye?
- Yeah, because she's
the one that rushed him.
- OK.
And what happened with you?
Are you OK?
You need medical attention?
- I was just sitting
there having a drink.
That's it.
- OK.
Did you get your ID out?
- He's already
working with her--
- Did you get your ID out?
- Yeah, I got it out.
- So we got it?
OK.
- All right, so Tiffany,
Austin, Darren, and Tina.
- Tina, yep.
- OK, so under NRS 207-200,
you are hereby trespassed
from the Hideaway Bar.
If you come back here--
- Cool.
- Yeah.
So hold on.
Hold up.
- That's--
- So you're hereby--
you're trespassed.
So if you come--
Darren, listen,
it's very important.
it's very important,
so you don't get arrested.
So if you come back,
you're subject to arrest
or misdemeanor citation, OK?
Do we all understand?
- Yes, sir.
- Yes?
- A couple of them came out.
We tried to diffuse
the situation.
The bar ended up
trespassing them from here.
And one thing led to
another, where, everybody
was calmed down, ran everybody.
Let's go home.
All right, don't--
don't drive, OK?
- What are we doing now?
- I got-- I'm on a quad.
- What's that?
You can't drive your
car drunk, either.
You can't drive drunk.
If she would have hit
my mom, I don't care.
I am going to jail.
- She-- she tried to.
- I would have
been going to jail.
I don't [bleep].
- Sorry, but--
- I would have [bleep] up.
- Sorry--
- My mom's over 65 years old.
- Tina.
- My quad didn't even start.
- But you tried it.
Get off the quad.
- Tina.
- My quad isn't even starting.
- Get off the quad.
- Yeah.
- My quad is not even--
- Get off the quad.
- If you drive--
if you--
- I know my rights.
- If you drive that quad--
if you drive that quad,
I got your rights.
Your rights are
directly to jail.
- My rights-- it's not my quad.
I haven't even started it.
- OK.
- Stop.
Go.
- OK?
My rights are--
- We'll give you a ride.
- --not even my quad.
It's not even started.
- We'll give you a ride.
- Stop.
Stop.
You stop.
- Tina.
Hey, Tina.
- Come on.
- Real quick--
- No, I know my rights.
I know my rights.
- Tina, I know your rights too.
And you're working
at a quick jail ride.
For a ride to jail.
- You know what?
What-- what's my right?
- So what-- so let's
get off the quad.
- And what are you going
to take me to jail for?
- No, we're not going
to play this game.
So why don't we--
- Oh, you guys want
to play a game?
Let's start.
- Stop.
- We--
- Tina.
- What's going on?
- What's going on is you
need to get off this quad,
and find another way home.
- Tina.
- I'm going to get a ride home.
Tina.
Listen.
- This is my ride
home, right here.
- OK, then go.
- And shut up, and listen to me.
- No, listen.
- Shut up and listen to me.
Shut up, please.
No, shut up and
listen to me, please?
- OK.
- My dad is on our way
to come pick us all up.
- Yeah, I know.
I know.
- Then get off the quad, please.
- Oh, no, I'm not on the quad.
- No, but mom--
- I'm just sitting
on my [bleep] quad.
And these guys want
to [bleep] arrest me.
- No, no.
- No, no, no, no, no. no, no.
- Tina.
- Stop!
- No, no, no, no, no.
- To stop someone
from going to jail.
- Stop.
- Tina.
- No, no.
- Come on, mom.
- Tina, Tina.
Listen to me.
- Calm down.
- No.
- Let me hold her.
Shut up.
- We're going to jail.
- Shut up.
- No, no, no, no,
no, no, no, no!
- It's too late.
It's too late.
- We're going to jail.
- The deputy has
already made the call.
- Wait!
Wait, no, why is she going--
- She's-- she's too drunk.
- No, there ain't no
reason to take her to jail.
- No, no, no, no.
- Whoa, come on.
Come on.
Just walk away.
- There's no reason
to take her to jail.
- Hey, you both are
going to go to jail.
- Somebody's got-- somebody's--
- You've got no reason.
- Hey!
- You got them there.
- Come on.
Stop fighting.
What are you doing?
I got her.
- Hey!
- Get her over.
- I got her.
[shouting]
- Huh?
What about that?
- Stop, just--
- What about that?
- Are you clear?
Are you clear?
- You're the man
now, aren't you?
You're a man now.
[shouting]
- You're a man now.
- You can believe what you want.
- You ready for the other one?
- Yep.
- Tina!
- Don't move.
- Take them.
- What the [bleep]
just happened?
Holy [bleep].
- Yeah, you're a [bleep] bitch.
- Is he detained?
- Yeah.
- 792.
Detained.
- Two people are going to jail
for obstruction, resisting,
and I believe we got both
of them on battery on PO.
- You [bleep] bitches.
Hope you sleep good tonight.
- I will.
- Go [bleep] take
the tweakers, bitch.
[police radio chatter]
- Don't fight.
- Just let it go.
We'll get you.
- Would have been nice
if they'd just went home,
but you know, eventually
the alcohol really shows up,
and it's just sad.